Yo, I am so psychedfor Invisible Force 2.Please.Invisible Force 1 was lame.I'm all about Rising Tide.Rising Tide? The Deep?- Uh-huh.- Translucent could kick the Deep's ass.How? He's invisible.That's, like, all he's got.That's it.Exactly.He sneaks up on the Deep,and then boom, motherfucker!- Sit down.- Until the Deep makes a sharkbite Translucent's dick off.How's he gonna find his dick?It's invisible.Holy shit.Benjy!Get up. Get up, get up, get up.Come on, Benjy.Come on, come on.Stay back.Just stay the fuck back.What are you smiling at?Homelander?You boys okay?Can I... can I get a selfie?Course you can.The Seven's Queen Maeveand Homelandermade another heroic save today,stoppinga hijacked armored truckon the streets of Brooklyn,then staying behindfor a photo op- with some very lucky fans.- Nice to meet you.- Jean?- Thanks, Jennifer. And now...So, this is pretty mucheverything in one.Bluetooth speakers.It's in stereo,so you can put itall around your living room,have some fun with it.You said you havea standard cable box, right?- Uh-huh.- Okay, then I need to get you an audio transmitter,aptX Low Latency.It makes itso there's less audio lag,and it's gota standard optical in.And let's hook you upwith thousand-meg HDMI.Let's go with this one.Uh, it costs a little bit more,but the carbon'sway more conductive.Hey, Gary. Um...- I really need to talk to you about something.- Later, kid.Okay. Cool.Later... you want, like...want, like, 30-30 minutes?Like, a solid 45?Excuse me, sir?Hi. I'd liketo make an appointmentfor you to come over and...lay some cable.Okay. Uh... oh, Robin.Oh, dear, dear, Robin.Um, that doesn't meanwhat you think it means.Um, "laying cable" means sex.No, "laying pipe" means sex."Laying cable" meansyou want meto come over to your houseand just take a big, old shit.- That's disgusting.- Well, okay.But you...Who-who said it, though?Okay. Are you ready?Despite your best efforts,I'm actually still hungry.I'm actually more hungry now.- Where are we gonna go after all this hot talk?- I don't know.- You know?- More importantly, where are we gonna goto lay some cable afterwards?Geez.So, did you ask him?- Who?- Gary.Did you ask Gary for the raise?Yeah. Yeah. It was... it was a...Look, it was a crazy day,and-and he was super busy,but tomorrow for sure. Yes.Okay.What was I supposed to do,kick his door down?Like Homelander?I said "okay."Yeah, but you didn't mean it.Hey, I see the look.I see it. Come on.This is like whenwe started dating.I don't think that's...I don't think that's true.Dude, I had to ask you out.Well, excuse me for waiting.You ever hear of chivalry?Listen, this is about yougetting what you deserve.I'm killing myself at schoolbecause I think it's gonna beworth it for both of us.You know,if we move in together.Wait, what? What?W-W-Wait. Hey, hey, hey.Hey, hey. What was that?What'd you just say?Well, I mean, we can't keep,you know, laying pipeat your dad's place.Trying to be all quiet.Staring up at that dumbBilly Joel post...- ...poster.- Hey.Don't you ever besmirchBilly Jo...I can't stop. I can't stop.I can't stop. I can't stop.Can't stop. Can't stop.Robin?Robin?Robin!Robin!Let the energygo through the wall.I am Starlight.I'm 110 pounds,and I'm five foot six.Turn around, please.Okay. Let's see it, dear.- You should look away.- Sorry?You should turn awayfrom the camera,and you should close your eyes,or else I'll blind you.All right.Okay, go ahead.I am so sorry.Are you all right?I was born Super-Abled.Uh, my mom was thrilled.She took me to allthe little miss hero pageants,but I hated it.Ugh, I mean, I can still...smell the hairspray.Uh, but......at the Q and A, they alwaysasked me what my wish was,and I always said,"to save the world."And the judges just chuckledlike it was cute.But it wasn't a joke to me.Since whendid "hopeful" and "naive"become the same thing?I mean, why would youget into this businessif not to save the world?That's all I have ever wanted.And that's whyI've always wantedto be in The Seven.Thanks, Jennifer.Thought Robin's servicewas nice.Did you seehow many people came?Wow.Lot of respect for that girl.Lot of love in the room.And the spread. What a spread.Just really nice.That does not begin to conveythe terrible regret...Aw, geez.Maybe there's a movie on.- No, keep it.- No, we can switch it.Keep it....awful, tragic loss.My deepest condolencesto Robin Ward's family.I was chasingthese bank robbers.She just steppedin the middle of the street,and I-I couldn't...Middle of the...She was a half stepoff the fucking curb.Oh, now, come on, Hughie.Just, uh, don't get upset, okay?Just...He knows....swift,thoughtful attention...Now I think that A-Trainwould like to get back to work.Everyone at Vought is just...just wrecked about Robin.Now, you two weren't married,and look,technically,there's no legal claim.But...Vought wants to dothe right thing:offer you $45,000in restitution.All you have to do is signright here,and I'll offer you the check.This isa confidentiality agreement.It's a boilerplate NDA.I sign this, and...I can't talk about it?Have to pretendlike it didn't happen,like I wasn't holdingRobin's arms in my hands?Look, I know you're upset,but we're just trying to help.Then say you're sorry.Excuse me?I mean, you people say"our condolences"and "my sympathies"and "our regrets,"but nobody can look mein the fucking eyeand say "I'm sorry."I'm not signing anything.Get out.I said get the hell out!You okay?As I said,boilerplate NDA, really.Pretty standard stuff.Can I think about it?If you haveany questions at all,just, uh...Unit 44, code 20.Address is 1420 63rd Street...Any maniacs out there?Mm-mm. Quiet night.Like every night.That's too bad.We could really use the pressright now.Oh, Annie.I'm hungry.Don't worry.I didn't get the job.You don't know that.They're auditioning girlsnationwide.Besides,Countess probably got it.She's so good in a room.If you're negative,negative things happen to you.Hello?Yes, I'm her mother.Uh, yes. Uh...uh, one moment.It's them.It's them.Hello?Yes, this is she.I got it?You got it!You got it!Shh.Oh, my God.Uh, I'm so... I'm so sorry.It's a weird connection.I don't know what that was,actually.Uh... Mm-hmm.Oh, shit.Yeah?I think she was an addict.Needle tracks?12 marks on one arm.More dope coming in.More pushers at work.What you doing?Can't file a criminal caseagainst A-Train.Supes are like cops.They can't be charged- for damages while they're on the job.- Okay.But maybe we can filea wrongful death.I just got to get Robin'sparents to sign off on it.- Hughie, come sit with me.- Dad, I'm not...I'm right...Okay.Good for you.You want to make this right,what happened to Robin.But you can't.So sign this.What?This is a lot of money, Hughie.We could really use it.I can't... Dad, they killed her.Be realistic, okay?Even if we could payfor a lawyer...and that's a big if...there's no case.She was in the street.- Be like if a bus hit her.- Dad, she was one step- off the curb.- I...- I saw it!- Hughie, look. Look.- You can't do this.- Why not?- Dad, I have...- You don't have the fight.You never have.I'm sorry, but it's-it's true.Neither do I.Now...come and...come and sit with me, okay?Remington Steele's on.Hughie! Where you going?...the red carpetoutside of Vought headquarters,here for the annualshareholders presentation...There she is.Welcome to New York.I'm Ashley Barrett,director of talent relations.So, uh, are all these peoplehere for me?Oh, honey.Who elsewould they be here for?Come on.We're running late.Oh, my God.Ladies and gentlemen,it is without a doubta good timeto be in the Superhero business.Our net income is up 14%.Our latest film,G-Men: World War,just grossed shyof $1.7 billion world-wide.And this fall, we break groundon our newest theme parkoutside of Paris.The branding opportunitiesare limitless.But, you know,none of that really matters.Because job one is managing,supporting,and advising the brave heroeswho put themselves inharm's way each and every dayfor us.Let's take a look.A world without crime,with libertyand justice for all,that's within our reach,thanks to the 200-plusSuperheroesin the Vought Family.We see a bright future ahead,where there is a Vought Heroin every town.You're doing really well,by the way, so far.I-I haven't done anything yet.Yeah, exactly.You're already uptwo-and-a-half pointswith Midwesternersand conservative Christiansin 18 to 49.That speech, by the way,your audition...It was modest;it was humble.Really fucking smart choice.Uh, I-I meant it.Yeah, that's why we love you.So you ready for your lifeto change?...including the jewelin Vought's crown,the greatest superhero teamthe world's ever seen:The Seven.That is our job,our honor.We are Vought.We make heroes super.I have a very exciting surprisefor you.Both a member of The Seven,and Lord of the Seven Seas,live and in person, the Deep.Thank you.Thank you, everybody.After a long,distinguished careerwith The Seven,my good friend, the Lamplighter,has retired.Let's give hima big "thank you."What do you say?Thank you, Lamplighter!But now,as we turn towards the future,I'd like to introduce someonevery special.And I, for one, can't waitto work with her.Please welcome Starlight.Go. Go. That's you.- Ooh, look at that.- Ladies and gentlemen,Starlight and the Deep.Oh. Hi.I love you, Starlight!We love you!Hey, buddy, you okay?Hey, buddy!Wow.Pretty cool, huh?Oh, hey, check this out.We have twoWorld View-4 satellitesin geocentric orbit.We can essentially reada getaway car's license platefrom 380 miles up.That is just...I mean...G... I was working witha police scannerthat I bought on eBay.Yeah, well,not anymore you're not.Oh, and wait till youcheck out the dining room.We, uh, may or may nothave stolen Mirofrom Gramercy Tavern.Yeah, he'sfan-fucking-tastic.That's his, isn't it?Homelander's? Yeah.But you'll have your own soon.Here. Come on.Give it a test drive.Come on.O-Oh, you-you okay?It's just...I used to stand in the mirror,pretending to bewhere I am right now.You know something?On my first day, I, uh...Well, I-I felt like a fraud.Yeah. But the good news is,everybody feels that way.Thank you.And, hey, we're a team now.We'll help each other out.I bet growing up you hada poster of Homelanderon your wall, huh?No, actually, I...I don't know, Homelander's so...He's like Jesus or something.If you want to know the truth,I actually had a poster of you.Really?- Yeah. Yeah. I kind of...- Oh.I kind of hada schoolgirl crush on you.- Oh, my God.- Oh, my God.I hope that's notinappropriate to say.No, no, no, no, no.It's not inappropriate at all.It's just, it's kind of wild.What?I mean, you said you hada crush on me.I figured that, you know...- That is...- Whoa, whoa, wh-wh-whoa, hey.Look, you're gorgeous.I'm not... I'm not talkingabout sex,just a little bitof pole-smoking.Whoa, whoa, whoa. Hey, wait,wait, wait, wait, wait.It's just a question of how badyou want to be in The Seven.Excuse me?Whoa. Whoa, whoa, whoa.Hey, hey, hey. Hey.Take it easy.Settle down. We're just,we're just talking.And look, I knowthat you're powerful.I get it.Your powers are no joke.The thing is...I am number two around here.So, like, if I say so,you know, you'd be out of here.Especially sinceyou attacked me.I what?Yeah. Look.I mean, Iowa's sweetheart,the Defender of Des Moines,just went psycho on the Deep.I mean, that...that could put youout of the business.Yeah.I mean, home to Mommy,tail tucked between your legs.Just think of all those kids.I mean, the kids.Those kids who look up to you,they'd just be shattered.I mean, th-that's notwhat you really want, right?Or we come together as a team.You and me, we just rollwith the punches,for, like, three minutes, maybe.It's not a big deal.And then you know what happens?All your dreams come true.I-I'm sure you guyshave all heardthat Translucent stoppeda home invasionin Yonkers last night,a young, single motherand her two kids.Just incredible. Just...So tell us, how are you ableto-to vanish?No, I don't actually vanish.My skin turns into thiscarbon meta-materialthat bends the light.Like an invisibility cloak.All right,but just to be clear,you have to becompletely naked, right?I appreciate you coming onthe show, my man. I love you.You guys stay tuned fora behind-the-scenes lookat Invisible Force 2, andlater, Translucent himself...You interested in a nanny cam?'Cause we're actually runninga special on that.Um, it's a pretty popular bear.There's cameras in the eyes.Tell me,how many nannies shaketheir babies?Uh, I'm sorry?You know, a good...hard shake, like...like tryin' to get ketchupout of a bottle.One percent? Less?I-I don't really know.Funny, that.They sell a billion dollarsworth of that shit worldwide.Goes to show you, doesn't it?The bollocks peoplewill believeif you get them scared enough.Cool.Cool, cool.Um...Is there anything I canhelp you with today, or...?I'm not gonna piss you about,Hughie.I heard what happened to Robin.I'm-I'm-I'm sorry,who are you?She wasn't in the street.She was one step offthe fucking curb.And you didn't take the pay-off.Yeah. I said,who the hell are you?How do you know that?Name's Butcher.Billy Butcher.Listen, I was thinking that, uh,you and me should havea little bit of a chat.Y-You're a Fed?You don't sound like a Fed.What, I can't immigrate?There's a giant green slapperwith her ass in the harborthat says different.You don't really looklike one, either.No? What do I look like?Like you're starring ina porn version of The Matrix.Well, it's all right therein black and white.Okay. Uh, what exactlycan I do for you?No, you got it all wrong,Hughie.It's what I can do for you.You see, you ain't alone, son.It happens a lot morethan you think.Supes lose hundreds of peopleeach year to collateral damage.No. Come on, that'd beall over the news.People would be screamingbloody murder.Yeah, look, there might bethe odd mentionof it now and again,like with Robin,but there's a fuck-sight morethat happensthat just gets sweptright under the rug.Why?Ain't it obvious?Movie tickets, merchandising,theme parks, video games.A multi-billion dollarglobal industry supportedby corporate lobbyistsand politicians on both sides.But the main reasonthat you won't hear about itis 'cause the public don'twant to know about it.See, people love that cozyfeeling that Supes give them.Some golden cuntto swoop out of the skyand save the dayso you don't gotto do it yourself.But if you knew half the shitthey get up to...Ooh...Fuckin' diabolical.But then...that's where I come in.Come in to... to do what?Spank the bastardswhen they get out of line.How do you spank a Supe?Come on, son.Uh, where?You'll love it.Uh, not likely.Uh, listen.I think this is good; I'm good.Uh, thank you foran extremely weird conversation,but, uh, I don't want to goto a second location with you.So, I'm gonna get backto work.Thank you.Hughie! Hughie.This is your one and only, mate.Once I go, I'm gone.I'm offering you the opportunityto get them that got your girl.What have you got to losethat you ain't already lost?Where are we?Keep your mouth shut.Harry.Got your message.Thank you for beingan upstanding citizen.You know this is fuckingpolice brutality, man.You know what they'll do to me,they catch me letting you in?Not half of what I'll doif you don't.Did he just sayyou were police?Yeah, you know, cop, Fed,all the same to twats like that.Holy shit.Pick your jaw up off the floorand try to blend in.This is the only placewhere the Supes can scratchtheir filthy little itchwithout the paps taking snaps.Wait, wait, wait.That's Ezekiel.The "Capes for Christ" guy...preaches all that..."pray the gay away" shit.And now he'sthe meat in the Manwich.Fucking hypocrite.Keep going forward.That's it. Further.Further.There. There.- Stop.- Wait, wait, wait.A-Train's...A-Train's here right now?Was. This is from last night.Turn it up.I cannot believeyou ran through a bitch.You want to hearsomething crazy?I ran so fastthrough this bitchthat I swallowedone of her molars.Like a bugon the fucking freeway.Dude, that's nasty.They're laughing.Just... Like she's a joke.They're fucking laughing.So what are yougonna do about it?Oh, for Chrissakes.Clean yourself up.Never let them see youlike this.Translucent,you're a goddamn pervert.Ah...Oh, uh...I'll just go.They're all like that?All of them?Even Homelander?Homelander's the exception.He doesn't drink, doesn't smoke.Man's a saint.But the rest of 'em, yeah.Pardon my French,fuck those fuckers.Here.Have a shufti of that.- What are these?- That's the police logthe day that Robin got murdered.Couple of bar fights.A few cars got nicked.But you knowwhat's not in there?No bank alarms going off.No one chargedat Central Booking.A-Train stoppedtwo bank robbers, my arse.Someone's fuckinghiding something.- Hiding what?- Well, I don't know,whatever dodgy shithe was up to that night.Why couldn't he stop?I mean, what was in that bag?You know?Who was he running from?- Or where was he running to?- Bingo.Work that out, and we'll havethe fucker, I can smell it.Okay.Okay, so, um...what can I do to help?Here's what you do.Ring Vought, tell 'em you'lltake the money, sign the NDA,but only if A-Train's therein person when you do it.Why does A-Train needto be there?Then they'll take youinto The Seven Tower,through security, mate,- and then you're gonna plant a bug.- A bug?A bug. And we'll havea little listen.See what's really going on.Okay, let me just... sorry,let me just get this straight.You want me to... you want meto go to Seven Tower by myself,and-and you want meto plant a bug,like I'm... what,like I'm fuckin' James Bond?- Yeah, exactly. You got it.- You're FBI.If you're FBI,then get a warrant.- Why do you... why do you even need me?- Hughie, Hughie,look, mate,I got a warrant, all right?But that place is firewalled,untappable,and locked up tighterthan a nun's knickers.I couldn't get myself in therein a million years.But you, son, you could do it.- No, no, I can't, okay?- Yeah.I can't. No. You didn't seeA-Train covered in...And-and I'm, what, I'mjust supposed to go in there,and I'm supposed to...I'm supposed to shake his hand?- And smile?- Yeah.I'm not... Do you knowwho my favorite musician is?- Who?- James Taylor.Number two, Simon & Garfunkel.Number three, Billy Joel.Any of those guys,they don't infiltrate.Okay? I'm not an infiltrator.Hughie, Hughie,fucking grow a pair.You heard that cuntlaughing at your girl.No. No. No.No, I can't.I can't do that.I'm sorry,I'm just gonna fuck it up,and you're notgonna have your bug......and I'll be dead.I'm not... I'm not like you.This is amazing, Madelyn.Thank you for this.My kid is gonna lose his mind.Ah, it is our pleasure.Just do not sell it online.All right.What are you thinking?Baltimore is a beautiful town.But you've got a problem.Your homicide ratesare up, what, 62%?The policeare not closing cases.You're on the vergeof needing a federal lifeline.Cut to the chase, Madelyn.Who are you proposing?Nubian Prince.Fits your population's demo,but not too militant.Caucasians love him,too, with a...59% approval rate.I am willing to give youa three-year exclusive contractwith full PR support,and I'm gonna give younine and a half pointsof the merchandising.I thought he was in Detroit.Well, we're thinkingabout making a move.How much?$300 million a year.I know, I know,it's a tough swallow.But we both know thatyour city needs a hero.$200 million for Nubian Prince.- I can sell that.- Mm.I'm sorry, Steve, I can't do it.We've got Atlanta waitingin the wings.I think maybe you can.And why is that?I happen to knowabout Compound V.What is Compound V?It's the type of rumorthat could really tarnishthose heroes of yours.Nobody wants that.People need heroes.Now, I can make surethat that stays a rumor,because I'm a friend.But friendshipdoes cut both ways.I'm sorry, Steve, I don't knowwhat you're talking about.$300 million is the price,or we go to Atlanta.So, how amazing is it?What's Homelander like?Uh... he's busy.I haven't reallymet him yet, but...Mom, I got to tell youwhat happened.Oh, I forgot.I was playing mah-jonggwith Patty and Trish,and Patty is going on and onabout how her daughtergot into med school,and I'm thinking, so what?My daughter got into The Seven!Anyway, so-so,what did you want to tell me?Everything's great.Just how we dreamed.Um...Mom, actually, you know what?I have to go.All right. Bye, honey.Um...excuse me.I'm sorry, a-are you okay?Just seemed like a...tough call.Sorry.I don't mean to bother you.No, no, it's okay.Uh...I'm fine.I'm just...I'm just having a bad day.Yeah, me, too.Uh... is it, like,a-a work thing, or...a-a life thing?It's a work thing.You?Uh... life thing.You know how you have this...image of yourself?Like, I thought I was strong.You know?Like, made of steel.A fighter.And...then I was facedwith this horrible situationwith this asshole...and...I just heard my mom's voicein my head,"Keep smiling,the show must go on,"and... I didn't fight.And now I just feel sick.Partly because I did it, but...mostly because......turns out I'mnot who I thought I was.- Oh. Oh, I'm, um, sorry.- Uh...I-I didn't meanto just dump all of that- onto you.- No, no, it's totally fine that you dumped. Um...Listen, d-do you like your job?Oh.It's the only thingI've ever wanted.And it's a good job?Like, you're notselling kids smack?No, it's a great job.I could help a lot of people.Thing is, I, um...used to know this girl,and we used to go skatingat Rockefeller,and I'd be on the sidewith this death gripon the rails.She would just charge headfirstinto the middle of the rink.And she wasn't... good.Like, she fell...a lot...but she was never scared.And she always used to say:"Just 'cause you fallon your ass doesn't meanyou have to stay there."So you fell on your ass,you know?That's not who you are.So who are you?I'm a fighter.I'm gonna fight.Yeah.I'm gonna takethat son of a bitch's head- clean off his body.- Okay. Wow, that was...Okay.Cool.Little scary, but...but-but cool.I'm-I'm Hughie, by the way.Annie.Okay, man. I'm in.Okay, it's ringing.Yeah, hello?Hi. Hi.Yes, hello.Hello, Mr. Friedman.It's Hughie Campbell.I got your message,and-and $45K, it's just...it's just... it's bingo,like, life-changing.Um, but I just need one thingbefore I-I sign anything.I need an apology- from A-Train.- Uh, he already apologized.Well, no, no, no.No, he hasn't.Yes, he sent his...he sent his regretsand his sympathies on...on TV, but I-I...if I could just getan apology face-to-face,that would be fantastic.Just to... just for closure,just to put...just to put a b-button on it.Okay, yeah. But, uh...Hugh, I'm telling you,the answer's gonna be no.All right, in that...in that case, can youjust give me... Uh, hello?I think... They hung up.I don't thinkthey're gonna go for it.Hmm. Oh, yes, they will.Starlight.Don't want to be lateto your first official meeting.I had a wholewelcome speech planned.Sorry, sir.Please, Homelander's fine.Beginning to wonderif you'd even show up.I mean, all that pressure,it's a lotfor anyone to swallow.Yeah. Don't worry, I'll be fine.I'm here,and I'm not going anywhere.Can we get back to this, please?This is a serious crime.These assholes pirated my moviethree weeks before release,and you can't walk down5th Avenuewithout bumping into a tableof unlicensed Homelander shirts.Copyright infringementis costing Vought$1.2 billion per year.That's money out of our pockets.We've all got, what,four points each?What the fuck?You got four points?And clearly better lawyers.Hey, hey, hey, guys, come on.Stop.What's Starlight gonna think?Listening to us hagglingover nickels.We're The Seven, for God's sake.Whether we're out thereor we're in here.Now, what I do want to hearis who you saved this week.Huh?Who's up for that?Black Noir.Let's start with you, man.Do you have a dog?No.All right, give us your phone.There's fuck-all securityto worry about.In fact,they're a bunch of muppets.And the metal detectorwon't pick this up.Right? And whatthey'll probably do is take youthrough the securityand then up into the boardroom.Sit down. Be nice, congenial.Then, real polite-like, tell 'emyou're gonna take a fake shit.Go into the bog,take the bug out.Peel back the plastic bitto reveal the sticky side.Put the plastic bit in the bog.Flush it.Then go back into the boardroom,sit down... big smiles...plant the bugunderneath the table.Easy peasy Japanesey.Bob's your uncle. That's that.- That's that? That was... that was a lot.- Yeah.Th... I've... Hold on, can youjust... can you repeat it again?Just a little bit slower?Because I...Shh. Listen.- Fuck.- Hughie, calm down, all right?This is like that scenein The Matrix.Now, you could takethe fucking red pill, right?Spend the rest of your lifejacking off,crying into your chai teagreen latte,what the fuck. Or...you could take the blue pill.Or is it the red pill?Anyway, take the other pill- and quit being a cunt.- Which pill do you want me to take?Just quit being a cunt.That's what I'm saying.Fuck me. Okay.Sir, could you emptyyour pockets, please?Thank you.Um...excuse me, can-can I, uh...can I use your bathroom?Just to be clear,A-Train's apologyisn't an admission of any sortof culpability whatsoever.Do you understand?I'm sorry about whathappened to your girlfriend,all right?Hey, dude, are you okay?Fine.I appreciate the apology.Accidents happen, right?After all,I mean,you were saving the world.Okay, great.Thank you so much. As you know,a crimefighter's work is neverdone. Douglas here will handlethe rest of the paperworkfor you, okay? Thank you.Can I use your bathroom?What the fuck?And I look him right in the eye,and I smile.And that was awesome, man,just getting to starethat asshole down.I get why you dig this job.Yeah, you know, it hasits moments, doesn't it?You were right.Fuck A-Train.Fuck A-Train.Fuck-fuck The Seven.Fuck all... Seven.What are we, uh...what are we doing here?Well, you got to goto work, don't you?Yeah, but, um,I don't, uh...Well, I mean, that's allI need you for right now, yeah?Yeah, I mean, but I-I can...I can help with other stuff,you know?I could... I could be,like, your tech guy.You know? Like, I could bein the van with the thingand, like, you know, "He's downthe hall to the left."Like, I can...Yeah, look, son, I, uh...I think it's bestthat I take it from here.- You know what I mean?- Yeah, but I-I can...I can really help.I know you can help.I got it.Oh, w...Oh, hey, wait.You ever see an assholetear up $45K?Hughie.You're a good lad.Ms. Stillwell,I wasn't sure you'd call.This fucking chafes, but, um...I'm willing to come down to$230 million for Nubian Prince.That's very reasonable, Maddie.Thank you.And, Steve,this, um, Compound V,any rumors you may have heardabout my heroes...libelous and completely untrue.But we all knowhow rumors spread,so... I'd appreciateyour discretion.Of course.You have my word.Thank you.Have a safe flight home.Policing cities isa thorny enough issue as it is,but allowing superheroesinto national defense?We'd basically beprivatizing war.Good night, Hughie.You'll lock up?- Yeah.- Yeah.Thanks, Gary.Sorry, we're closing up.Hello?Who are you?The fuck?Right in front of you, prick.You think I wouldn't findthis thing?Hughie.You pussy, I followed youfrom the fucking Tower.No, no, no!Who's that guy you were with,in the car?- Who was he?!- I don't...- He put you up to this?- I don't know!He was just some Uber driver,okay?Don't give me some bullshit!Uber driver!Do you thinkI'm a fucking idiot?- Why'd you plant the bug?- Please.Please, please, please.No, please.We're The Seven,Earth's most mighty,champions of the innocent,motherfucker!Sorry about the mess.You should fuck off, Hughie.Hughie, run!Well, well, well,if it ain't the invisible cunt.There you are.So who are you?Fucking spy?For who? Huh?You're gonna fucking tell me,or I'm gonna smashyour fucking scalp off!Who the fuck are you?!I'll tell you who you are.A fucking moron."Translucent"doesn't even mean "invisible."It means "semi-transparent."Is he... is he dead?Is he...Well, he ain't moving.Oh, fuck.Oh, shit.How'd you know the electriccould do the job?Skin's carbon.Highly conductive.Saw it on, uh, Jimmy Fallon.Would've taken me foreverto work that one out.Good job.Let's get him in the boot.Wait, wait, what?Wait, what? What?The trunk.No, no, I mean, what are we...what are we...what are we doing with him?Well, Hughie, you just offedone of The Seven, mate.Me? I...You-you hit himwith a fucking car!Look, potato, fucking po-tah-to.We're both in a shitloadof trouble.No, no, no, we're not!It's... It...He-he attacked us, okay?And you're-you'rea federal officer, you know?Just-just call the fucking FBI.Yeah, o-okay, so, look,technically, I'm not a Fed.What?!Then who the fuck are you?!Don't worry about it, kiddo.It's just a little turbulence.It'll be okay.Whoa.Dad. Dad. Dad!What's he doing out here?Are you guys friends?Oh, my God.